                    GSL Partner License
                          v 1.0

0. Summary

By this License, OpenMobile World Wide, Inc. ("We" or "Our") grants to
an original equipment manufacturer, silicon chip vendor, or mobile
network operator ("You" or "Your") a limited right to distribute Our
Generic Service Loader software ("GSL") preloaded on Your Firefox OS
Devices (defined below) for the limited purpose of making those devices
ACL-Ready (defined below). We do so only if You abide by the terms
below.

1. Definitions

1.1. "ACL-Ready" means a Firefox OS Device (defined below) that supports
download and installation of Our Application Compatibility Layer
software ("ACL") by an end user of that device.

1.2. "Covered Software" means the Source Code Form of Our Generic
Service Loader software ("GSL") with which this License is provided by
Us to You and the Executable Form of GSL.

1.3. "Source Code Form" means the human-readable form of GSL that we are
providing to you with this License.

1.4. "Executable Form" means object code or other computer-readable
forms of GSL generated by a compiler (and/or other related automated
software tools) from the Source Code Form.

1.5. "Firefox OS Device" means a mobile phone or other processor-based
device on which the "Firefox OS" operating system is pre-loaded as the
native operating system.

1.6. "License" means this document.
1.7. "You" (or "Your") means an original equipment manufacturer, silicon
chip vendor, or mobile network operator. "You" includes any entity that
is controlled by You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means
the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of
such entity, whether by contract or otherwise.

1.8. "Your Firefox OS Devices" means Firefox OS Devices made and/or
distributed by you to end users, directly or otherwise.

1.9. "We" (or "Our" or "Us") means OpenMobile World Wide, Inc., having
a principal place of business in Framingham, Massachusetts, USA.

2. License Grants and Conditions

2.1. Grants
We hereby grant You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to

a. distribute copies of the Executable Form pre-loaded on Your Firefox OS
Devices for the purpose of making those Firefox OS Devices ACL-Ready, and

b. reproduce copies of the Source Code Form for Your company's internal
use only, where the number of such copies is limited to that reasonably
necessary for You to make the copies of the Executable Form for
distribution per Section 2.1.a.
We hereby grant to end users of Your Firefox OS Devices a world-wide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use copies of the Executable Form
pre-loaded on those devices by you.

2.2. Effective Date
This License is effective as of the earliest of Your indicating
acceptance of the terms of this License via (i) Our automated licensing
portal at https://manager.openmobileappmall.com/gsl_partner_signup.php,
and (ii) Your downloading the Source Code Form (along with this License)
from that or another of Our portals.

2.3. Limitations on Grant Scope
The licenses granted in this Section 2 are the only rights granted under
this License. No additional rights or licenses will be implied from the
distribution or licensing of Covered Software under this License. By way
of non-limiting example, no license is granted by Us for infringements
caused by: (i) Your and any other third party's modifications of Covered
Software, or (ii) the reproduction, distribution or use of Covered
Software as expressly provided herein.

This License does not grant any rights in trademarks, service marks, or
logos of Ours (except as may be necessary to comply with any notice
requirements below).

2.4.  Conditions
The provisions of Section 3, below, are conditions of the licenses
granted in Section 2.1.

3. Responsibilities

3.1.  Reproduction of Source Form

3.1.1. You must retain the terms of this License with any copies of the
Source Code Form.

3.1.2. You must retain the Source Code Form in confidence in the same
manner as You safeguard Your own valuable proprietary information of
like kind, but in no event exercising less than a reasonable degree of
care and, you must bind Your employees, agents and representatives to
that same standard. You acknowledge that the Source Code Form is Our
valuable proprietary information and trade secrets, and that
unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause irreparable
damage to Us. The foregoing does not apply to such information which (i)
is or becomes publicly known or publicly available through no fault of
You or of any of Your employees, agents and representatives; (ii) is
lawfully received by You from a third party without restriction and
without breach of any applicable confidentiality agreement; (iii) was
previously known to or is independently developed by You, Your
employees, agents and representatives, without exposure to the Source
Code Form; (iv) is required to be disclosed by law or by order or
regulation of a court or governmental agency, so long as you provide Us
prompt notice of any order, summons, subpoena or similar action of such
court or governmental agency so that We may seek a protective order or
other appropriate relief.

3.2. Notices
You may not remove or alter the substance of any proprietary notices
(including copyright notices, patent notices, disclaimers of warranty, or
limitations of liability) contained within this License, Source Code Form
or the Executable Form.

4. Termination

4.1. The rights granted under this License will terminate automatically
if You fail to comply with any of its terms.

4.2. The rights granted under this License will also terminate upon
fifteen (15) day advance written notice by either of the parties hereto
to the other party hereto.

4.3. If You initiate litigation against Us, then We may at our sole
discretion terminate the rights granted to You under this License.

4.4. In the event of termination under this Section 4, all end user
license agreements properly granted hereunder prior to termination shall
survive termination.

5. Disclaimer of Warranty

Covered Software is provided under this License on an "as is" basis,
without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory,
including, without limitation, warranties that the Covered Software is
free of defects, merchantable, fit for a particular purpose or
non-infringing. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
Covered Software is with You. Should any Covered Software prove
defective in any respect, You assume the cost of any necessary
servicing, repair, or correction. This disclaimer of warranty
constitutes an essential part of this License. No use of any Covered
Software is authorized under this License except under this disclaimer.

6. Limitation of Liability

Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort
(including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall We be liable to
You for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for lost
profits, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses, even if
such party shall have been informed of the possibility of such damages.
This limitation of liability shall not apply to liability for death or
personal injury resulting from such party's negligence to the extent
applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some jurisdictions do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential
damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not apply to You.

7. Litigation

Any litigation relating to this License may be brought only in the
courts of the jurisdiction where the defendant maintains its principal
place of business and such litigation shall be governed by laws of that
jurisdiction, without reference to its conflict-of-law provisions.
Nothing in this Section shall prevent a party's ability to bring
cross-claims or counter-claims.

8. Miscellaneous

This License represents the complete agreement concerning the subject
matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable. Any law or regulation which provides
that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter
shall not be used to construe this License against Us.
